[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Goku and Krillin allowed
Vegeta to escape,
bringing the battle
to a bittersweet end.
With the Saiyans temporarily
out of the picture,
the group has set their
sights on a new goal...
finding Dragon Balls
on a distant planet,
and restoring their
friends to life.
To Namek...!
And the Dragon Balls!
[ALL laugh]
[GOKU laughs]
♪ Opening Song ♪
[GROUP laughs]
Yeah... The doctor
said Gohan and I
will be as good as
new in a few days,
but he wants us to
stay here for observation.
Hey... You've got me beat.
He told me he thought it'd
be at least four months
for my injuries
to heal right.
But he said
even if they do,
there's still a chance
I'll never be the same.
Oh, I wouldn't
worry about that...
The next crop of senzu
beans will be ready
in another month or so.
You'll be up and about
before you know it.
[KRILLIN laughs]
'Til then, you're stuck
looking like a mummy
who forgot to wrap his face.
Can't believe those quacks
wouldn't even admit me
after the beating I took!
You mean the
beating you got
when you were begging the
Saiyan not to hurt you?
"Please...!
I don't wanna die!
I was just kiddin'!
I'd never do that to you!
Hey...! Maybe we could
work together... uh..."
Hey...! I was trying to get
him to let his guard down
so I could take
him out, you idiot!
[GROUP laughs]
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, right!
I'm just so proud of all of you
for running those
nasty Saiyans off.
You know not only did
you save the human race,
but now everyone who
died in the battle
will be brought
back to life!
Hey...! Quick, turn on the TV!
It's all over the news!
Oh, Bulma, it's you...
I thought you were a mannish
nurse with a dated hair-do.
I'm going to pretend
I didn't hear that.
Here! Check it out!
The mysterious object was found
in recently devastated
Metro East...
And although it can't be
confirmed at this time,
it appears to be some
type of alien space ship.
That's the Saiyan's spaceship!
Right?
[GOKU]
Hey...! I can't see!
[TV REPORTER] Based on early
reports from the scene...
This is one of
two flying objects
that landed in
the Metro East area
moments before
the city was attacked.
I don't like
the sound of this.
Our only hope and it's
locked up in a lab somewhere.
It won't be for long.
If this remote control that
Krillin found really works,
we can summon the spaceship
right to our front door.
[BULMA] They won't even
know what happened!
You really think that's
a good idea, Bulma?
Look, I'm the
genius here...
Leave the
thinking to me...
Besides, I spent most of
last night studying it.
Look at this.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, there!
Okay... Here it goes.
[BULMA laughs]
[GOKU grunts]
Hey, what's happening now?!
[buzzing]
[class cracks]
[explosion]
[TV REPORTER screams]
[TV REPORTER] Ladies and
gentlemen, the suspected U.F.O.
that crashed into
the Metro East area
earlier this week
has just exploded!
There's alien debris everywhere!
What... went wrong?
Oh, no! That must have been
the self-destruct button!
That was the only ship
on the planet fast enough
to get us to Planet Namek!
What are we gonna do now?
It was the only chance we had.
You sure are dumb
for a smart chick.
[KRILLIN]
It's hopeless!
You realize this is your fault
for finding that stupid remote!
But you're the one
who pressed that button
without knowing
what it would do.
Hello.
[BULMA screams]
[thud]
Hey!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Mr. Popo!
I know of a spaceship you
might use if you like to see?
Wait... Are you serious?
You really have a spaceship?
Maybe.
Hey... Who's he?
He is Mr. Popo.
Mr. Popo?
Mr. Popo is kinda
like Kami's assistant,
but he'd been living up
at the Lookout a long time
before Kami got there helping
out the previous guardian.
Maybe even the one before that.
Ohhh!
So what do you mean, you
"maybe" have a spaceship?
It looks like a spaceship.
Possibly...
But I want to make sure
before you get your hopes up.
I can take one of you to it
if you want to see for yourself.
Who would like to come with me?
Bulma, you should go!
[KRILLIN]
Don't you think?
Wait, me?!
You're the only
one here who knows
anything about
spaceships, aren't you?
It only makes sense you
should be the one to go.
What's the matter?
Hey... You really
trust this guy?
He's just got... sort of
a creepy look in his eyes.
Eh...
[CROWD gasps quietly]
[BULMA whimpers]
Easy...
You're going
to be just fine!
I don't do
well with heights.
We should go now.
[BULMA] Fine, but...
Not too fast, okay?
[CROWD gasps]
[wind blows]
Here we are.
Already...?
[wind blows]
[BULMA shivers]
Get off.
Why is it so cold?
Where are we, anyway?
The Yunzabit Highlands.
Yunzabit Highlands...?!
They're across the globe...
We can't have traveled
that far so quickly.
[wind blows]
[MR. POPO] Let's see...
Where was it?
I believe it was this way.
Where are you going? Wait!
You said there was some
kind of spaceship here,
but all we've seen
so far are rocks!
Well, where is it?
Are you even listening to me?
[BULMA gasps]
Hey... If you brought
me all the way out here
just to try something funny,
you should know
I've been taking judo
since I was nine
years old! Get me?
Don't go...! It was a joke!
Aren't you coming?
Wait... Are you
messing with me?
I can't do that!
[BULMA] Geez!
[wind blows]
This is it.
[BULMA gasps]
Is it what you need?
I don't really know.
I'll take a look.
[knocking]
Hmm...
Whoa... What is this?
It's almost like metal...
but it isn't.
Ok, If this is your
idea of a practical joke,
then it's not funny.
[wind blows]
About a hundred years
ago Kami finally told me
the story of his life before
he came to the Lookout.
He told me that when
he was very young,
he lived here, in Yunzabit...
And I asked him why.
"It's such a desolate land,
and so few people ever go there.
Why would anyone want to live
in a place like Yunzabit?"
I didn't... I have no clue
how I came to be there.
Apparently I hit my head, for I
have no memory of my parents,
or anything else
up to that point.
But you had
parents, didn't you?
I don't know...
All I had was
a letter that read,
"Wait here and we will
come for you soon."
That's sad, but... what does
it have to do with this?
When Kami was a boy,
he waited many years for
his parents, who never came.
[KAMI] It was in Yunzabit
that I spent my childhood.
Throughout my youth,
I remained certain that my
parents would return for me.
But my certainty faded
with each passing day,
then month, then year.
I wonder how long I waited.
Twenty years, perhaps...?
It could easily have
been thirty or more.
Eventually I gave up hope and
left my home, and Yunzabit.
I go back to look in on
the place every now and then,
but nothing has ever changed.
Okay... Now would you remind me
why I needed to
know all of that?
This is the time
for listening.
Understanding
comes later.
Heh... Back then...
I thought I had the most
normal home in the world.
It was years later when
I fully comprehended
how strange a spherical
house really was.
Not to mention its
four tiny legs...
or that the door
had no knob or lock...
In fact, the only
way I could open it
was with a specific
vocal command.
And it was... Piccolo.
[BULMA gasps]
Wow it opened right up!
Now we have to
stand on this.
Huh...?
So... Kami's use
to live in there?
The same command
closes the door.
Piccolo.
[BULMA gasps]
[BULMA whimpers]
[MR. POPO] Kami called
this his house but to my eye
it seems that it
could be a spaceship.
Of Course! Kami is
from Namek after all!
And King Kai said that Planet
Namek was almost wiped out
by some sort of severe change
in the climate there, right?
I heard King Kai as well,
and if it's true that Kami was
not of this world I thought...
surely something must
have bought him here....
So I came back to have a look.
Well, if this is a spaceship,
and it looks like it is,
it fits perfectly with what
Kami told you about his past.
Yes... with Planet
Namek in crisis,
Kami's parents decided to
put their son on a spaceship
and send him to Earth
so he would be safe.
They must have thought that they
could come back for him later,
like the letter promised,
but then for whatever reason
they weren't able to.
Besides... Look at it!
Does this look even
remotely like a house to you?
[BULMA gasps]
This is a spaceship!
It has to be!
Now we just have to see if
we can get her in the air.
The door opens,
so that means
it's pulling power
from somewhere.
I wonder if this
is the main switch...
No... That's not it... Maybe...
[BULMA grunts]
Gee, I don't know...
It's not working at all.
Maybe it needs a pass
code or something.
I don't get it.
How can a spaceship
not have any
buttons or controls?
It doesn't make any sense!
Unless this is some
kind of a sensor.
For voice?
Of course! It recognizes words,
like the entrance does!
Then we say "Piccolo"
to make it fly?
That's probably just
the word you use
to open or close the door.
I doubt it'll
do anything else.
We're going to have to
try a more direct approach.
Fly! Fly... you hear me?!
This'll never work...
I'm sure it only responds to
Namekian, and I don't know any.
I remember Piccolo said
something in a strange language
when he fought Goku,
but I had no idea it
was an alien language.
I wish I'd paid closer
attention to what he said.
If the language you heard
Piccolo speak is Namekian,
then I happen
to speak it too.
You do?!
I know that Piccolo's
name means "other world"
in the language
he and Kami spoke,
and it just so happens that
"Piccolo" also means entrance.
Why didn't you say
so in the first place?
So the name "King Piccolo" in
Namekian would translate to
something along the lines of
"King of Another World"...
Well, what are you
waiting for? Tell it to fly!
[MR. POPO]
Tell it to fly where?
Anywhere is fine...
Why don't we start with
someplace around Jupiter?
Topul kuppa koloppungo.
[beeping]
[BULMA and MR. POPO yell]
[BULMA gasps]
[BULMA] It's Jupiter!
This isn't just a spaceship,
it's an amazing spaceship!
You really did it, Mr. Popo!
It's exactly what we need!
I'm so glad.
If this works that means that
Kami will come back as well!
[BULMA] It is a spaceship...
And it's perfect!
It's fast... and it
won't need much work...
just a few minor
modifications...
We could easily be on
Namek within the month!
Hmm... Let's see...
If we work fast, we can
launch in five days!
We're flying Kami's
spaceship to Namek?
That's great!
It seems like there might be
a light at the end of
this tunnel after all!
It's all thanks
to you, Mr. Popo.
I'm so happy you're
going to be joining us.
Oh, I can't go
to Planet Namek.
I'm sorry,
but I just can't...
If I went with you then
I'd be away from the Lookout
for at least two months or more.
Too long.
You're kidding me!
You're the only one of
us who speaks Namekian!
You have to come with us!
And besides, you're huge...!
What if we get attacked
and we need your help?
You can learn.
I'll teach you Namekian.
[KRILLIN] If anybody can
do it, you can, Bulma!
This is great!
Think about it...
If the ship breaks down,
you'll be there to fix it!
Okay... I guess the trip
won't be too dangerous.
But I am not going all
by myself, understand?
One of you is coming with me!
Don't look at me...
No way I'm going to
that screwy planet!
Goku is hurt,
so he can't come...
Hey, Krillin...
You'll come with me, right?
Oh...! Uh...
I guess I can.
Sure... I mean, if
you really want me to.
Sounds nice...
I wish I could join you.
I'd really want to see
what kind of Shenron
would be on planet Namek.
Maybe he's blue...
I'll check it
out for you...
But for right now,
you need to rest up
and figure out a way
to beat the Saiyans.
[GOKU] Yeah, you're right.
It's up to the
two of you, then.
I... I...
I... I want to
go to Namek with you!
[ALL gasp]
Hmm...
Now, that's adorable. But...
This isn't the right time
to be making silly jokes.
I'm not making a joke,
I really want to go!
Please... let me...
I don't want to stay here!
No...! You're not
going you hear me?!
You'd be away for
another two months!
I'm sorry, Mom... but...
I want to go more
than anything...
I want to be there
to see Piccolo
when they bring
him back to life!
How could you even say
something like that?!
[CHI-CHI]
Just look at you!
You're not even
properly healed yet!
[GOHAN] I'm fine.
I will be, anyway.
[CHI-CHI] Gohan...! Baby,
what are you doing?!
Stop! Gohan, listen
to me! I'm your mother!
[GOHAN] Please, Mom...
All I want is for you
to say I can go.
I will not!
I forbid it!
Do you even know
what you're asking?
You're not going anywhere!
Not for two months!
Have you thought about
all the school you'd miss?
And those piano lessons
won't take themselves!
You can't fall
behind for Piccolo!
Shut up!
[KRILLIN and ROSHI gasp]
Ahh...!
My baby boy...!
He... he's turning
into a delinquent!
I'm... sorry, Mom...
but... if you want to talk
about how bad I'm turning out,
we can do that later.
Right now we have to
focus on our friends.
They fought hard
trying to protect us.
And they died to
save us... and the Earth!
But it wasn't for nothing...
It can't have been for nothing!
I just... I have
to do something!
I'm sorry, Mom...
I really am... But I have to.
[OX-KING] You have to admit
he has a point, Chi-Chi.
Seems to me he has
his mind made up...
Give him your
blessing, let him go.
[GOKU]
That's my Gohan...
He's getting
stronger every day.
Don't you worry
about a thing.
We'll take good care of him.
And with all of us there
to look after each other,
what's the worst
that could happen?
You said five days... can
you learn Namekian by then?
Good point...
I will take some time to
program a translator...
so lets call it ten
to be safe... 'Kay...!
We'll meet in ten
days at Roshi's!
[GOHAN laughs]
Great!
[NARRATOR] So with
preparations under way
ten days passed in
a blink of an eye.
And now... the day of
the launch has arrived!
[KRILLIN] Whew...
Are you sure this thing
can get us all the
way to Planet Namek?
[BULMA] That's a pretty
snazzy outfit, Krillin.
Did you rob
the kids department?
You realize it's freezing
in space, don't you?
I thought you'd take
your packing choices
a little more
serious like me.
I even cut my hair for this!
[KRILLIN laughs]
[GROUP gasps]
[GROUP yells]
[KRILLIN laughs]
Gohan, I barely
recognized you!
What's wrong with
your hair? You lose a bet?
No... Dad laughed the
first time he saw me, too.
Say what you will,
but I think he looks like a
perfect little gentleman...
He's going to make
quite the impression!
We're counting on you.
If there's Dragon
Balls on Namek,
I know you'll find them.
Right!
Piccolo.
Bye, Grandpa...
Goodbye, Mom...
Bye, Master Roshi
and Mister Turtle...
We'll be back
soon... I promise.
Piccolo.
[OX-KING] Eat as much as
you can, whenever you can!
And don't forget to
write to me every day!
Bye!
[GOHAN laughs]
[GOHAN gasps]
[KRILLIN] Whoa! This is
kind of exciting, isn't it?
[KRILLIN laughs]
Hey... Bulma.
Where do you want us to
put our bags and stuff?
I don't care, just somewhere
out of the way... And hurry up!
Hmm... She sure
is grouchy today.
We launch in five seconds...
Our destination... Namek.
[beeping]
[KRILLIN] Hold on a second!
We're not ready to go!
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
[beeping]
[GOHAN and KRILLIN yell]
[KRILLIN] Stop...!
We're still not ready yet!
Couldn't you at least waited
until we got our seatbelts on?
[GOHAN yells]
[ROSHI] Bulma wasn't lying
about the ship being fast.
They're almost out
of sight already!
Go-han...! Remember to
brush after you eat!
[beeping]
You're free to move
around now if you want.
Things should
run more smoothly
now that we've
left the atmosphere.
Really...? So soon?
Hey Bulma,
where are you going?
If you really must know...
I'm changing my clothes.
Seriously...?
Like into pajamas?
[door slams shut]
Hey, speaking of...
I think I forgot to bring
anything to sleep in.
What about you?
Pajamas were the first
thing that I packed.
Not that it's any
of my business...
but I was starting
to wonder how long
you were going to stay
in that nerd costume.
[GOHAN]
It was just for launch.
I made something to
change into later,
but I didn't want Mom
to see it before we left.
Hmm...
Ahh...
[GOHAN laughs]
[KRILLIN] You really have a
lot of respect for Piccolo...
...don't you?
Yep! Almost as much
as I do for Dad...!
[door opens]
Huh...?
[door closes]
Uh... Those are some
funny-looking pajamas.
They look uncomfortable.
These aren't my
pajamas, you idiots.
I was just tired of being
the only person on the ship
who cared enough to
dress appropriately
for the mission at hand!
[BULMA laughs intensely]
Hey... so...
Did we do something to tick
her off that I don't remember?
Uhh...
[NARRATOR]
With a mighty blast,
the borrowed
Namekian spaceship
has begun its
long journey home,
with our trio of
friends on board...
...blissfully unaware of the
dangers that await them...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[CHI-CHI]
Hi, there! I'm Chi-Chi.
Dear Gohan, Are you remembering
to brush your teeth?
I hope you're doing the
homework I packed for you!
Mommy misses you so much!
[GOKU]
Homework?
Gohan has more important things
to worry about than homework!
[CHI-CHI] Just study
hard and let Krillin
do all the dangerous
stuff, okay, honey?
And don't forget,
your mother loves you, baby!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[GOHAN] Um, Dad? There sure
are a lot of bad guys here!